Ruby agent docs updates (#11703)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/release-notes/agent-release-notes/ruby-release-notes/ruby-agent-6120367.mdx

releaseDate: '2020-07-13'
version: 6.12.0
downloadLink: 'https://rubygems.org/downloads/newrelic_rpm-6.12.0.367.gem'

> features: ["Additional transaction information applied to Spans", "Auto-instrument Mongo 2.6 - 2.12", "Agent attribute deprecation: httpResponseCode"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
features: ["Apply additional transaction information to Spans", "Auto-instrument Mongo 2.6 - 2.12", "Deprecate agent attribute httpResponseCode"]
```

> bugs: ["Correctly capture Content-Length header in middleware tracing", "Handle MongoDB CommandFailed events", "Priority sampling buffer works in high-throughput environments"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bugs: ["Capture Content-Length header in middleware tracing correctly", "Handle MongoDB CommandFailed events", "Fix priority sampling buffer for high-throughput environments"]
```

> security: ["Updated all uses of Rake to 12.3.3+", "Users are encouraged to review include and exclude Transaction attributes"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
security: ["Update all uses of Rake to 12.3.3+", "Recommend review of include and exclude Transaction attributes"]
```
